ele:He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
ele:If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
EU:His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
Ele:As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
Eu:I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
ele:I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
ELE:Too many prisons have become early coffins.
Eu:They were excited to see their first sloth.
Ele:As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
Ele:It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
EU:Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
Ele:Three generations with six decades of life experience.
Ele:Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
Ele:He excelled at firing people nicely.
EU:You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
EU:The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
Ele:The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
EU:The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
EU:Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
EU:People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
Ele:My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
ele:If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
Ele:I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
EU:With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
Ele:The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
EU:Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
EU:Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
Ele:It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
EU:I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Ele:Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
Ele:Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
EU:Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
EU:He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
EU:He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
EU:She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
Ele:He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
eU:Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
Ele:Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
Ele:David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
eu:The shooter says goodbye to his love.
Ele:For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
Ele:Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
eu:Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
ele:He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
eu:It took him a month to finish the meal.
Ele:There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
ele:He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
eu:On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
Ele:Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
Ele:Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.


