NIGHTS
******
[Part I]

[Verse 1]
Round your city, round the clock
Everybody needs you
No, you can't make everybody equal
Although you got beaucoup family
You don't even got nobody bein' honest with you
Breathe 'til I evaporated
My whole body see through
Transportation, handmade (G)
And I know it better than most people
I don't trust 'em anyways
You can't break the law with them
Get some gushy, have a calm night
Shooters killin' left and right
Workin' through your worst night
If I get my money right
You know I won't need you
And I tell you, (bitch)
I hope the sack is full up
I'm fuckin', no, I'm fucked up
Spend it when I get that
I ain't tryna keep you
Can't keep up a conversation
Can't nobody reach you
Why your eyes well up?
Did you call me from a séance?
You are from my past life
Hope you're doin' well, bruh
I been out here head first
Always like the head first
Signal comin' in and out
Hope you're doin' well, bruh
Everybody needs you, everybody needs you
Oooh, nani nani
This feel like a quaalude
No sleep in my body
Ain't no bitch in my body
[Pre-Chorus]
New beginnin's, ahh
New beginnin's, wake up akh
The sun's goin' down
Time to start your day, bruh
Can't keep bein' laid off
Know you need the money if you gon' survive
The every night shit, every day shit

[Chorus]
Droppin' baby off at home before my night shift
You know I can't hear none of that spend the night shit
That kumbaya shit
Wanna see nirvana, but don't wanna die yet
Wanna feel that na na though, could you come by?
Fuck with me after my shift
Know them boys wanna see me broke down and shit
Bummed out and shit, stressed out and shit
That's every day shit
Shut the fuck up, I don’t want your conversation
Rollin' marijuana, that's a cheap vacation
My every day shit, every night shit, my every day shit
(Every night shit, night shit, night shit, night shit)

[Bridge]
All my night, been ready for you all my night
Been waitin' on you all my night
I'll buzz you in, just let me know when you outside
All my night, you been missin' all my night
Still got some good nights memorized
And the look back's gettin' me right
[Part II]

[Verse 2]
Every night fucks every day up
Every day patches the night up
On God, you should match it, it's that KO
No white lighters 'til I fuck my 28th up
1998, my family had that Acura
Oh, the Legend
Kept at least six discs in the changer
Back when Boswell and Percy had it active
Couple bishops in the city buildin' mansions
All the reverends
Preachin' self made millionaire status
When we could only eat at Shoney's on occasion
After 'trina hit I had to transfer campus
Your apartment out in Houston's where I waited
Stayin' with you when I didn't have a address
Fuckin' on you when I didn't own a mattress
Workin' on a way to make it outta Texas, every night

[Chorus]
Droppin' baby off at home before my night shift, yeah
You know I can't hear none of that spend the night shit
That kumbaya shit
Want to see nirvana, but don't wanna die yet
Wanna feel that na na though, could you come by
Fuck with me after my shift
Know them boys wanna see me broke down
See me bummed out, stressed out
That's just everyday shit
Shut the fuck up, I don't want your conversation
Rollin' marijuana, that's a cheap vacation
My every day shit, my every day shit
My every night shit, my every day shit
My every day shit, my every day shit
My every day shit, my every night shit

IGOR'S THEME
************
Intro: Tyler, The Creator & Lil Uzi Vert]
What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?
Uh!
Runnin', runnin’, runnin', runnin'
Uh!
Heaven, heaven (Ooh)
He’s coming

[Chorus: Lil Uzi Vert]
Ridin' 'round town, they gon' feel this one
Ridin' 'round town, they gon' feel this one
Ridin' ’round town, they gon’ feel this one
Ridin', ridin’ 'round town, they gon' feel this one
Got my, got my, got my, got my eyes open
Got my, got my, got my eyes open
Got my, got my, got my, got my eyes open
Got my eyes open

[Bridge: Tyler, The Creator & Lil Uzi Vert]
Oh, yeah (What?)
Oh-oh-oh, yeah
He's comin’
Runnin', runnin', runnin', runnin', runnin', runnin'
What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?
He's comin'

[Chorus: Lil Uzi Vert & Solange, Lil Uzi Vert & Solange]
Ridin' 'round town, they gon' feel this one (They gon' feel this one)
Ridin' 'round town, they gon' feel this one
Ridin' 'round town, they gon' feel (They gon' feel this one)
Ridin', ridin' 'round town, they gon' feel this one, oh
(Got my eyes open)
I'm ridin', I'm ridin'
(Got my, got my, got my eyes open)
Oh, yeah
(Got my, got my eyes open)
I'm ridin', I'm ridin', yeah, I'm
(Got my, got my, got my, got my eyes)
Igor

[Interlude: Lil Uzi Vert & Tyler, The Creator]
What?
Down, down, down, down, down
Down, down, down, down
Down, down
Dow-dow-dow-dow-dow-dow-dow-dow-
What?
Yeah, ho
Yeah, ho
Yeah, ho
Yeah, ho (What?)
Yeah, ho
What, what, what?
Got my eyes open
Got my, got my, got my eyes open
Runnin', runnin', runnin'
Got my eyes open
[Outro: Lil Uzi Vert]
What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?
Wha-wha-wha-wha-wha-wha-what?
What? What?
What? What?
Got my, got my, got my, got my, got my, got my, got my, got my
What? What? What? What?

DEVIL IN A NEW DRESS
********************

Uh
Uh
I love it, though
I love it, though, huh, you know?

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Uh, put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
I know I'm preachin' to the congregation
We love Jesus, but you done learned a lot from Satan
I mean, a nigga did a lot of waiting
We ain't married, but tonight I need some consummation

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
May the Lord forgive us, may the gods be with us
In that magic hour, I seen good Christians
Make brash decisions, oh, she do it
What happened to religion? Oh, she lose it
She putting on her makeup, she casually allure
Text message break-ups, the casualty of tour
How she gon' wake up and not love me no more?
I thought I was the asshole, I guess it's rubbin' off
Hood phenomenon, the LeBron of rhyme
Hard to be humble when you stunting on a jumbotron
I'm looking at her like, "This what you really wanted, huh?"
Why we argue anyway? Oh, I forgot, it's summertime
[Chorus: Kanye West]
Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
I know I'm preachin' to the congregation
We love Jesus, but she done learned a lot from Satan
Satan, Satan, Satan
I mean, a nigga did a lot of waiting
We ain't married, but tonight I need some consummation

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
When the sun go down, it's the magic hour, the magic hour
And outta all the colors that'll fill up the skies
You got green on your mind, I can see it in your eyes
Why you standing there with your face screwed up?
Don't leave while you're hot, that's how Mase screwed up
Throwin' shit around, the whole place screwed up
Maybe I should call Mase so he could pray for us
I hit the Jamaican spot, at the bar, take a seat
I ordered the jerk, she said you are what you eat
You see, I always loved that sense of humor
But tonight, you should have seen how quiet the room was
The Lyor Cohen of Dior Homme
That's "Dior Homme," not "Dior, homie"
The crib Scarface, could it be more Tony?
You love me for me, could you be more phony?
[Chorus: Kanye West]
Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
Haven't said a word, haven't said a word to me this evening
Cat got your tongue?

[Instrumental Interlude: Mike Dean Guitar Solo]

[Verse 3: Rick Ross]
Lookin' at my bitch, I bet she give your ass a bone
Lookin' at my wrist, it'll turn your ass to stone
Stretch limousine, sipping rosé all alone
Double-headed monster with a mind of his own
Cherry-red chariot, excess is just my character
All-black tux, nigga's shoes lavender
I never needed acceptance from all you outsiders
Had cyphers with Yeezy before his mouth wired (Uh)
Before his jaw shattered, climbing up the Lord's ladder
We still speedin', running signs like they don't matter, uh
Hater talkin' never made me mad
Never that, not when I'm in my favorite paper tag
Therefore, G4s at the Clearport
When it come to tools, fool, I'm a Pep Boy
When it came to dope, I was quick to export
Never tired of ballin', so it's on to the next sport
New Mercedes sedan, the Lex' sport
So many cars, DMV thought it was mail fraud
Different traps I was gettin' mail from
Polk County, Jacksonville, right in Melbourne
Whole clique appetites had tapeworms
Spinnin' Teddy Pendergrass vinyl as my J burns
I shed a tear before the night's over
God bless the man I put this ice over (Uh)
Getting 2Pac money twice over
Still a real nigga, red Coogi sweater, dice-roller
I'm makin' love to the angel of death
Catchin' feelings, never stumble, retracin' my steps (Uh)
Uh
